hello my friends welcome to my September
favorites and fails countdown video I
have so much to share with you and I'm
very passionate about the things that
I'm sharing with you but the things that
I am NOT enjoying local walk not
enjoying and the things that I'm really
really loving some bets break down for
you right BAM now you're curious about
what's in my face today I did do a full
look of the two-faced peaches and cream
collection a lot in there because I've
got a lot of products to tell you about
but if you're curious about all this if
the video is coming without further ado
let's go ahead and jump in to the worst
product I tried in September starting
with number 10 worst product I tried
which makes me sad because I'm really
rooting for this company they're an
indie brand but I think that I need I
need to talk about these because they
were very disappointing to me and I feel
a little sad that I have to say this but
I have to say it the lip paints
long-lasting smudge proof lip color
these are by a brand called tattoo
junkie I am loving like the shiny lip
trend the ombre lip trend the glitter
lip trend I'm loving it so these are
like maybe seven bucks apiece something
like that and you get both a liquid
lipstick and you get a glitter topper or
a shimmer top or something like that
these are so insanely drying like I
can't I can't do it like they they suck
the life out of my lips so bad that my
lips actually feel dehydrated after I
use them I I want to love them they look
beautiful in the moment and and then I
just I can't I absolutely can't I really
do like the pigments that come with them
though so if you are going to get these
I still think the pigments are good the
ones that you can use to kind of top
over top of your lips to give like a
they can give like a real metallic look
or this one is called sugar and it's
like a glitter here you can you put
those on your lips those are nice but
the liquid lipstick formula is just no
good and I'm feeling really sad about
that cuz I brought quite a few of these
and I was planning on doing a full
review of these I was really hoping to
do like a lip swatch video of a bunch of
these and telling you how awesome they
are
but unfortunately they're just gonna be
stuck at number ten on the countdown
this month at number nine on the
countdown is a hyped up mascara called
the urban decay troublemaker mascara I
talked about this I think in a live chat
and I think I talked about it also on
periscope I think they saw me try this
for the first time I used it getting
ready for what's up and makeup when I
first opened this the smell that came
off of it was incredibly strong of
chemicals and white fish like it was one
of the worst smelling things I've
smelled in a very long time it just
smelled horrible now the smell isn't as
bad but initially it was awful the other
thing is is the mascara just doesn't do
anything for me I have very short sparse
lashes and if you have already long
lashes you may enjoy this but I feel
like there are so many excellent
drugstore mascaras out there that just
are so ho incredibly good like the
essence mascara is L'Oreal makes great
mascaras but this was just definitely a
huge note for me just because of the
scents was awful even though it's not as
bad anymore and just it just didn't do
anything for me so that was a big want
long very sad about that next up if the
anasazi op matte lipsticks that are
relatively new I only have one of them
this is the shade rum punch
it's a beautiful shade and once it gets
on it's very pretty but it reminds me of
like a pair of uncomfortable high heels
even though it's very pretty it's just
very uncomfortable to wear it's got a
pull to it when you when you apply it
you really need to pull it's a very dry
formula and I do feel like it dehydrates
my lips not as bad as the tattoo junkies
stuff but still I do feel like there's
some dehydration happening where down is
okay at last relatively long period of
time but I just don't like the way they
feel and I don't like the way that they
apply and so these are going to be a no
for me I'm happy to have this one but I
don't think I'm gonna be buying any more
and the only reason I'm happy to have it
is because I do really like the shade a
lot number seven is a product that I've
seen quite a bit on YouTube this is the
woosh Beauty eyeliner wheel and it's got
the little brush on the other side I
actually really like this little brush
for applying eyeliner it's very nice
find I've used this with a couple of
different eyeliners I haven't used it
with the woosh Beauty one ironically
enough I use it with the essence gel
liner I also used it with the Ofra gel
liner when they I heard about the Mac
little wheel one was that it was kind of
sharp on the lid where this one is very
very soft to go on it's just I feel like
it's kind of unnecessary to be honest
there's no way I can get a wing out of
this it just it's too it's it's one
length where with a pen you've got that
point and you can flick it out and make
it smaller on one end and larger on the
other set and this one really doesn't
lend itself to that so what I was
finding myself doing was trying to do it
with the brush the brush worked okay but
the wheel was really just good for right
on the lash line if you're bored with
the way you're applying gel liner you
might want to try this just because it
is kind of fun to do it in a different
way it's kind of like eating with a
spork okay yeah it works yeah you can
pick up your food with it but it's not
always the most functional thing in the
world to eat depending on what you're
eating and I feel like that's kind of
the way that it is with this that there
are just so many easier to use liner
things out there and I feel like this is
very overpriced for what it is I mean
it's just a piece of plastic with a
little bit of a brush on the other hand
and I mean the brushes the brush is nice
but I don't think that it's worth the
price it's just you know I mean it's
just okay it's just okay I don't I I
wouldn't repurchase this next up I've
got a product that I'm actually gonna be
doing a full review on but I figured I'd
bring one product from the Fenty line
into my favorites because I have been
trying them a lot this is the Fenty lip
gloss fancy Beauty came out with one lip
gloss and this is it I have to tell you
I love the packaging and it is a very
nice gloss but it's nothing magical in
my opinion I mean it's pretty let me go
ahead and put it on over thus lipsticks
this lipsticks a little dull anyway ooh
a little bit of funky going on the wand
is really really soft it's very
comfortable to go on the lip gloss is
very comfortable see it's very pretty
like I really like it a lot it's very
pretty the scent is amazing if you don't
like cents you definitely don't want
this but I mean and it's very
comfortable it's very high it feels very
hydrating
it almost feels like it's got a warming
to it like it's just it feels just
really comfortable it is a little bit
wet feeling so if you like kind of a
drier lip feel you probably won't like
it the only reason why it's so low down
is just because it's a gloss and I feel
like you can get less expensive glosses
that are pretty much the same thing for
a better value I mean I just feel like
it's a little bit overpriced for what it
is but I mean it's venti by the way I
learned from my friend Vanessa today
that it's not Rihanna it's Rihanna
you said Rihanna I knew this is Rihanna
thank you but no no yeah so this Rihanna
lip gloss is just okay I mean it's a
very nice lip gloss that's why it's so
high up on the countdown but it's
definitely not blowing my mind you know
what I mean
next if I have something a little bit
different and the only reason why this
isn't higher up on the countdown is it's
just not it's not a cool enough thing to
be higher up and I have a lot of really
cool things to show you this is the
Sephora travel beautifully set I have
been using this traveling so much lately
and I love it it comes with three
squeezy tubes and what you do is you can
put whatever liquids in here that you
want so I've been using it for shampoo
conditioner and my hair mask and I love
these they're so soft they're like a
silicone softness I love the way these
squirt out something about the way that
it dispenses the product just makes me
really happy I'm actually thinking about
transferring my shampoo into these
instead of keeping the bottles in my
shower just because I just like the way
they squirt out I don't know what it is
but I just I love this little set and
it's been on sale at Sephora for a while
last time I checked it was still on the
Sephora website in a sales section I'm
hoping that it's still there it's been
up there for ever but it's a really
great deal if you I think it was only
like $15 or something so if you travel a
lot I definitely recommend this next up
is what is on my face right now I just
did a full review of this product this
is the peach perfect comfort matte
foundation by Too Faced I am going to
exchange this for a different shade
though because the shade is definitely
too dark for me but unfortunately my
Sephora store doesn't carry the whole
line so I should have brought it to New
York now that I'm thinking about I
should have brought it to New York to
the big giant store I bet you they have
it
oh well too late now anyway this is
amazing the ingredients are amazing I
love the finish of it it gives a really
nice natural finish at least in my
opinion you can build it up to a more
full coverage if you want to and I just
really like this a lot the only thing
that kind of brings it down is the scent
you know if you don't like sense this is
definitely not gonna be for you because
it definitely has that peach scent but
it doesn't mean fragrance and it doesn't
have artificial fragrance it has actual
peach extract in here and fig extract in
here that I think is what's giving it
the scent which is amazing that doesn't
have any artificial scent but I really
like this full review of this will be
linked down below if you want to know
more number three is the wet and wild
limited edition midnight moon
highlighter oh my gosh I have been
absolutely loving this it is so pretty
it is definitely one of those weird
highlighters but I love it it is so
pretty it has like a yellow tint to it
so if you don't dig on that you're
probably not gonna like it
but it's just it's so beautiful on my
cheeks especially if I've gotten more of
a bronzed look on I throw this on over
top of it and it's just absolutely
beautiful it's also beautiful mixed in
with a blush kind of to give that glow
to the blush and it's just really pretty
and lasting power is so good it reminds
me of the Wet n Wild gold bar that I
have that I really really love I like it
better than they're square highlighters
I don't know if there's something about
those square highlighters I do really
like them but there's something about
this one that I like just a little bit
better I'll have to compare the
ingredients and see if they're the same
because they seem like they're slightly
different the square ones you know you
talked about the square ones I feel like
those are a little bit different but oh
my gosh
I love this so if you are if you find
this or if you see this anywhere or if
this calls to you I definitely recommend
getting it especially with the lasting
power lasting power is fantastic number
two is another drugstore item that I
absolutely have been loving these are
the NYX wicked lashes a while back NYX
sent me a PR package full of a bunch of
just their stuff I got a couple of pairs
of the wicked lashes they're about 5
bucks on the NYX website not sure if you
can find them like at Ulta and other
places they sell NYX but if you ever run
into these and even if you're an eyelash
beginner I recommend picking these up
because they really are beautiful I've
gotten so many compliments on them what
are you wearing and it's like
NIC's $5 they're really really nice I've
used this particular pair twice I have
another pair that I've used like eight
times
they still look exactly the same as when
I use them for the first time except for
they've got a little bit of glue on I'm
gonna need to pick off other than that
like they have lasted really really well
so if you're in the market for new
lashes I definitely recommend trying
these out I will list the specific
styles that I've tried down below this
one's called frisky and I'd forget what
the other one is but I'll list them down
in the description below and at number
one that product you're gonna hear about
a lot more with a lot more detail when I
show you the full review it is the peach
perfect by Too Faced this is the
mattifying loose setting powder oh my
gosh I love this stuff it mattifies my
face beautifully I do have normal skin
so if you have oily skin I can't speak
to that I can't speak to it sticking to
dry patches but on my normal skin it
just mattifies my foundation so well and
it mattifies it for a long period of
time which I love the smell is amazing
to me if it gets in your mouth a little
bit it does have a little bit of
saccharine in it so it's actually sweet
like if you take a brush and you fluff
it all over your face you can't avoid
getting a little bit in your mouth and
it is so sweet and amazing I also love
the packaging inside it's got this
little plastic top in here which is
really nice for trying to keep some of
the product and it looks like a hot mess
right now
but it's oh my gosh this is such a
wonderful product I love the Laura
Mercier powder
I love the bareMinerals powder this one
I have to say I like just as much but
the price per gram is a lot cheaper for
this than most really good setting
powders that are on the market highly
highly recommend this if you're going to
get anything from the peach perfect line
I would definitely recommend getting
this with the comfort mat foundation in
case you haven't seen the review the
shade range is terrible on this but with
this anybody of any skin skin tone can
use this which I also really love
because it is translucent it's just a
great quality product and the price per
gram is outrageously low we'll go into
that more when we get to the full review
but love love love love love this
product so that is it for my September
favorites I hope you enjoyed it if you
did
definitely make sure you hit the
subscribe button down below I put out
nine count of nine videos per week I
have five makeup minutes for makeup news
every Monday through Friday I also have
my makeup news show on Sunday full
length of makeup news and then I do
three reviews per week usually reviews
three other videos per week you can look
for those on Monday Wednesday and Friday
so thank you again so much for watching
and that I'd love to you and I will see
you in a video soon
[Music]